Turn documentation on how to do cross-bucket S3 access into a runbook (#3983)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/features/buckets.md

### AWS

On AWS, we would need to set up [cross account S3 access](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cross-account-access-s3/). It requires action from both the 2i2c engineering team as
well as the the community representative.

1. **Who**: 2i2c Engineering Team

   Find the ARN of the service account that is assumed by the users on the hub,
   under `userServiceAccount.annotations.eks.amazon.com/role-arn` in the YAML
   config specific to the hub. It should look something like
   `arn:aws:iam::<account-id>:role/<hub-name>`.

   If this hub has an equivalent *staging* hub, find the ARN of the service
   account for the staging hub too. This helps us keep staging and prod in sync.

2. **Who**: 2i2c Engineering Team

   Generate a [Bucket Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/using-iam-policies.html)
   that can be communicated to the community champion. You need to generate one policy

>    for each ARN determined in step 1. The `Action` section lists various permissions to be
>    granted. The default is to allow hub users to list all objects and get data - so readonly
>    access. The community champion is welcome to modify this to fit their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   for each ARN determined in step 1.
```

The description of action ocurring twice (but not principal/resource) - I suggest removing a mention of what action does here and relying on the description below instead saying the same thing.

   find this under `userServiceAccount.annotations.eks.amazon.com/role-arn` in
   the `values.yaml` file for your hub. It should look something like
   `arn:aws:iam::<account-id>:role/<hub-name>`.
2. In the AWS account *with the S3 bucket*, you need to [attach a bucket policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/add-bucket-policy.html)

>    that grants appropriate access to the S3 bucket from the hub. For example, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that grants appropriate access to the IAM role used by the hub users to work against the bucket. For example, the
```

>    that grants appropriate access to the S3 bucket from the hub. For example, the
>    following policy grants readonly access to the bucket for users of the hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that grants appropriate access to the IAM role used by the hub users to work against the bucket. For example, the
   following bucket policy grants readonly access to the bucket for users of the hub via an IAM role they work with.
```

   }
   ```

   here,

>    1. `Statement.Principal.AWS` is the ARN determined from step 1. This is the only item that needs
>       to be supplied by the 2i2c engineer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. `Statement.Principal.AWS` lists the ARNs determined from step 1. This is the only info that needs
      to be supplied by the 2i2c engineer.
```

   to the S3 buckets. You can use the following template.

   ```{note}
   To start the process, we need to attach policies to the appropriate S3 bucket to grant access
   to the hub. I've generated these templates:

   {{ JSON from step 2. Include multiple ones if we are doing this for multiple hubs }}

   {{ if a staging hub is included }}
   This includes access permissions for staging hub we use to test out changes to the main hub,
   so those two can be in sync.
   {{ end if }}

   You need to fill in the list of S3 buckets you want granted access under the "Resource" section.
   Note that there are two entries for each bucket.

   This policy, as written, will grant readonly access to the buckets from the hub. Users
   on the hub will be able to list objects and retrieve them. If you'd like to grant other
   kinds of access, adjust the list under 'Actions' accordingly.

   AWS has [some documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/add-bucket-policy.html)
   on how to attach this bucket policy. Once attached, can you give us the full content of the

>    policy you attached? That would help us take next steps in granting access to these buckets.

Reviewer: Since its only possible to have one bucket policy (but multiple statements in it), the bucket admins are required to merge any existing policy with the policy we provide - by appending statements and avoiding statement duplicates.

The text needs to be updated to reflect this.

   Thanks!
   ```

4. **Who**: Community Champion

   They attach the bucket policy, and get back to us with content of the policy they attached. This
   helps us see the list of buckets that are authorized, as well as a record of what permissions
   were actually granted.

5. **Who**: 2i2c Engineering Team

   In the `.tfvars` file for the cluster hosting the hub, add `extra_iam_policy`
   as a key to the hub under `hub_cloud_permissions`. This is used to set any additional
   IAM permissions granted to the users of the hub. In this case, we use `s3:*` to allow
   all S3 actions on the given list of buckets, so the exact permissions granted are
   controlled by the bucket policy set in earlier steps. This allows the community to grant

>    more (or less) permissions in the future without any intervention on our part.

Reviewer: I understand that this works, but I don't feel confident on what permissions we need to declare on the IAM Role already being granted permissions to work against the bucket in the bucket policy.

- Do we need to grant the bucket actions on the IAM role as well?
- Do we need to grant permissions to the IAM role to pay for access of this bucket if requestor pays is enabled on the bucket - if so, how is paying for bucket access configured? Is that perhaps under `s3:` something, and that is the reason we have needed `s3:*`?

If you are uncertain about this as well, I think it would be good to detail that this is done as a "ah this works" kind of solution as compared to "this is required" kind of solution.
